DOC-4335: Add new Elasticsearch HTTP connection pool properties (#152)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Configuration.rst

.. _Configuration.ElasticSearch:
  
=============================
Elasticsearch Configuration

> =============================

Reviewer: The text below should also be moved into the chapter "Properties of the Elasticsearch embedded node" IMO since it is only related to embedded mode.

Author: OK.

Author: done

    exo.es.search.server.url=http://127.0.0.1:9200
    exo.es.search.server.username=root
    exo.es.search.server.password=xxxxx
    

> It is also possible to configure the number of search and indexing calls in the http connection pool used by Elasticsearch 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to configure the number of connection in the http connections pool used for search and indexing calls to Elasticsearch 
```

> by defining these parameters:

Reviewer: Why do we document these parameters differently than others ? It should be consistent IMO and add a short description for each property.

Author: I added the description set in the issue
